Fix feature gates for v1.29 (#44457)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/kubelet-separate-disk-gc.md

---
title: KubeletSeparateDiskGC
content_type: feature_gate
_build:
  list: never
  render: false
---

> Enables Kubelet to garbage collection images/containers on different filesystems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable kubelet garbage collection of container images, even when those are on a separate filesystem.
```
